in the field you are emotionally
unpredictable you confuse courage with
recklessness I'm not advancing you you
have a son you do not know he's reaching
for you he does not need a commanding
officer he needs a father I've gone make
some good memories together
crash-landed to confirm survivors do you
know where we are no sir this is Earth
there's some emergency beacon in the
tail section of our ship approximately
100 kilometers from here
we need to retrieve that beacon what we
gone to that the temperatures on this
planet fluctuate dangerously
everything has evolved to kill humans
together we will survive
I hear something I'm tracking a
life-form moving toward you 50 meters 20
it has found you
must abort this mission you wouldn't
give any other Ranger that order you are
not a ranger you are my son
remember gangjae's very real
but fear is a choice
going to support this we fight
you